Add documentaion related to sso templates (#4770)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/authentication/sso-integrations/add-google-workspace-template.md

# Log in to Google Workspace using the {{ product_name }}

> This page guides you through using {{ product_name }} to log in to Google.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides step-by-step instructions on how to use {{ product_name }} for logging in to Google.
```

!!! note

>     You need to have a Google domain. Further, ensure you have a Google Workspace account and your account supports SSO by referring to the [Google documentation](https://support.google.com/a/answer/182076?sjid=13406338490513240799-AP){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To get started, you need to have a Google domain. Further, ensure you have a Google Workspace account and your account supports SSO by referring to the [Google documentation](https://support.google.com/a/answer/182076?sjid=13406338490513240799-AP){:target="_blank"}.
```
